percentage & substring :: write results in new column (#453)
ToucanToco/weaverbird: docs/_docs/user-interface/percentage.md

  `GROUP BY` clause in SQL or in the `_id` field of a `$group` in Mongo
  aggregation pipeline)

- `New colum name:` (optional): if you want to give a custom name to the column

>   of results to be created. By default, it will be your ot-riginal column name

Reviewer: Typo ?
```suggestion
  of results to be created. By default, it will be your original column name
```

Author: Yep I'll fix that
